Is it hard to learn to respect others?
You are really narcissistic, okay?
Do you think that all women in the world
I like luxury boys like you
Haha, interesting.
Oh, dear.
You new assistant change this thing
Who paid him?
I give it to him
No way.
Yes, yes, of course.
I met him for the first time.
Why does it have such a big impact on me?
Do you want to go back?
Miss Si
When looking for a man, you have to find a good-looking and practical one like me
Don't ask your family to take over
Does he like it?
Mr. Zhan, your body is so hot
Even a mouthful
Unfilial is drinking too much, is it an alcohol allergy?
Mr. Zhan is off today, I'll make you a hangover soup